W-22402743-rtfctl-3.0.131-release-kt (#1697)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/rtfctl-commands.adoc

end::troubleshoot-rtfctl[]

// Agent Truststore Management
tag::agent-truststore-rtfctl[]

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]
|===
|Command |Description

> |xref:agent-truststore-info[`agent-truststore info`] | Print a summary of the agent truststore and ca.pem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|xref:agent-truststore-info[`agent-truststore info`] | Print a summary of the agent truststore and `ca.pem`
```
Later in the topic this value is enclosed with backticks, please check the whole topic for consistency.

----
rtfctl agent-truststore merge-pem-into-p12 -i agent-truststore-bk.p12 -c new-ca.pem -o agent-truststore-new.p12
----

[[agent-truststore-merge-pem]]
= `agent-truststore merge-pem-into-pem`

Merges certificates from one PEM file into another PEM bundle. Duplicate certificates are detected by subject and skipped.

----
rtfctl agent-truststore merge-pem-into-pem -i ca-bk.pem -c new-ca.pem -o ca-new.pem
----

[[agent-truststore-update-truststore]]
= `agent-truststore update-truststore-in-secret`

Uploads a local PKCS#12 file into the agent keystore secret, replacing the `agent-truststore.p12` key.

----
rtfctl agent-truststore update-truststore-in-secret -i agent-truststore-new.p12 --namespace rtf
----

[[agent-truststore-update-ca-pem]]
= `agent-truststore update-ca-pem-in-secret`

Uploads a local PEM bundle into the agent keystore secret, replacing the `ca.pem` key.

----
rtfctl agent-truststore update-ca-pem-in-secret -i ca-new.pem --namespace rtf
----

[[agent-truststore-refresh]]
= `agent-truststore refresh-secret-with-pem`

> Reads the current truststore and ca.pem from the cluster secret, merges the provided PEM into both, displays the certificate subjects that will be uploaded, and—after confirmation—patches the secret. Use `--yes` to skip the interactive prompts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reads the current truststore and `ca.pem` from the cluster secret, merges the provided PEM into both, displays the certificate subjects to upload, and—after confirmation—patches the secret. Use `--yes` to skip the interactive prompts.
```
